Massive documentation fixes + copy editing (#15747)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/backends.rst

into the ``nimcache`` directory you will find ``.c``, ``.cpp`` or ``.m``
files, other than that all of them will produce a native binary for your
project.  This allows you to take the generated code and place it directly
into a project using any of these languages. Here are some typical command-
line invocations::

    $ nim c hallo.nim
    $ nim cpp hallo.nim
    $ nim objc hallo.nim

The compiler commands select the target backend, but if needed you can
`specify additional switches for cross-compilation

> <nimc.html#cross-compilation>`_ to select the target CPU, operative system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<nimc.html#crossminuscompilation>`_ to select the target CPU, operative system
```
Probably. Untested as of this writing; I'm not really confident about these unless I actually check the link for myself. You should probably test all of these to make sure.

Compile the Nim code to JavaScript with ``nim js -o:fib.js fib.nim`` and
open ``mhost.html`` in a browser. If the browser supports javascript, you
should see an alert box displaying the text ``Fib for 9 is 34``. As mentioned

> earlier, JavaScript doesn't require an initialization call to ``NimMain`` or

Reviewer 2: not sure about this one (and other similar cases) - `initialisation` is valid British English. Maybe ask @narimiran @Araq ?

Author: You have a point here - I have "American"-ized some words. If there is any issue with this change, I can revert it.
